## Name: Alec Levin   
# Post Mortem

Throughout this project I had several ups and downs. For the most part, my struggles pertained to the fine tuning of getting used to any new development environment. I used this project as an opportunity to get a head start on my final project. My final project is an arcade style suite of different games. I used the time given in PA #4 to get associated with the Unity game developing application and to get started on what I believe will be my most time consuming application to make. Unity specific issues were the main struggle for me in this application. Secondly, I also struggled with cross compatibility amongst both different devices and different mobile operating systems.      
            
My primary struggles were with Unity, the popular game developing platform. There are several things which ultimately led to my struggling to just get the essentials of Unity to work. First off, the only computer I have is a laptop. This MacBook is both my personal and academic machine. Due to this, it is full and currently sitting with eight available gigabytes. Getting Unity, the Android SDK’s, Java Development Kit(JDK), and eventually xCode for iOS development, required trimming all of the extra fat off of my computer. After this I incurred errors while attempting to download the Android SDK. Apparently, on Apple machines, the ‘android’ command line command has been deprecated. This command was essential to the installation of the most current SDK. In order to get around this, I had to download version 25 rather than version 27. While this change did not affect capabilities or functionality, it did create a new issue that I had to troubleshoot. At this point, I had the two requirements for Unity, a new Java Development Kit (JDK) and an older Android SDK. However, by getting an older SDK, the JDK and SDK did not run together. I then had to also downgrade my JDK so as to run a similarly dated version. Finally, I had Unity fully working with my Android device. All of this deleting and reinstalling of different software required immense file management due to my already very full computer.     
          
Above, I struggled with Unity basics and Android/iOS cross compatibility. Next, I struggled with cross compatibility across different Android devices. I first realized there was an issue when attempting to ‘play’ my application from Unity. Unity allows a user to ‘play’ their application on their phone by running it on the computer and outputting to the phone. When ‘playing’ my application, everything worked properly. However, upon Building and Running, the application stopped working. When building and running, the application is installed on the phone and ran on the phone, completely independent of the Unity program on the computer. Upon adjusting one line of code, my application worked. Though I was able to get it to work, there was one fact about this that made things weird. On Eric Mott’s Windows computer, using the same code, the program worked with no errors when built and ran. This perplexed me and I decided not to think too much about it and just used the code that always worked.     
          
All in all, this project served as an appropriate introduction to my final project. This application, while very simple, allowed me to go from zero knowledge of unity to a working level of knowledge. I now hope to use the foundation of this project to make a more complex game which utilizes an infinite tunnel that is generated automatically as the game is played. Furthermore, I hope to explore more aesthetically pleasing ways of communicating a message to the user upon particular events such as the game beginning or end.      
